feat(editor-config): add support for Zed and Gram (#1976)
future-proof-iot/RIOT-rs: book/src/code-editor-configuration.md

laze build -b <builder> editor-config helix
```

## Zed

[Zed](https://zed.dev/) is a code editor built in Rust with a fast and lightweight user interface. The Rust extension and language server is automatically installed when opening a `.rs` file.

### Configuration for developing Ariel OS apps (Zed)

> This is meant to be used on projects created using the `cargo-generate` command in the getting-started guide. The configuration works by targeting one [laze builder][laze-builders-book], avoiding the linter to be confused about double declarations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is meant to be used on projects created using the `cargo-generate` command in the getting-started guide. The configuration works by targeting one [laze builder][laze-builders-book], avoiding confusion about double declarations from the linter.
```
One of many possible phrasing options. I'm not sure that the end of sentence is really needed.

Author: The way you phrased it could be misinterpreted as "the linter did two declarations" where it's more like it's reading two declarations of the same thing (because of cfg's).

To generate/update your Zed configuration in `.zed/settings.json`, run in the root of your project:

```sh
laze build -b <builder> editor-config zed
```

## Gram

[Gram](https://gram.liten.app/) is a hard fork of Zed disabling AI features and focusing on stability.

### Enabling Rust support on Gram

> User action is needed to authorize Gram to download rust-analyzer. Open a Rust source file and then open the language server configuration using the fifth icon on the bottom left of the editor (should have a red notification dot) or typing `lsp::OpenLanguageServerConfig` in the command palette then enable "Allow download" for `rust-analyzer`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User action is needed to authorize Gram to download rust-analyzer. Open a Rust source file and then open the language server configuration by using the fifth icon on the bottom left of the editor (should have a red notification dot) or typing `lsp::OpenLanguageServerConfig` in the command palette and then enable "Allow download" for `rust-analyzer`.
```

### Configuration for developing Ariel OS apps (Gram)

> This is meant to be used on projects created using the `cargo-generate` command in the getting-started guide. The configuration works by targeting one [laze builder][laze-builders-book], avoiding the linter to be confused about double declarations.

Reviewer: Same as above
